In this lesson, we went over the concepts that make
up continuous integration and continuous deployment.
We discussed the fundamentals of CI/CD,
some of the benefits of CI/CD,
continuous delivery as a paradigm,
some best practices, deployment strategies especially that blue-green deployment,
the building blocks of pipelines like stages, jobs,
and steps, and we looked at several CI/CD tools on the market.
This lesson was heavy on theory.
It's important to have a good foundation in
the concepts behind continuous delivery, continuous integration,
and continuous deployment so that you don't have to repeat
the same mistakes like guys like me committed along the way.
Also, knowing the basic concepts will help you to be a little more tool agnostic,
meaning, you won't be pigeonholed into just one tool.
In the next lesson, we'll be getting very practical and putting all this theory to use.
Great job so far.
You're well on your way to building end to end CI/CD systems.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6